Change project to use Ballerina MySQL driver (#726)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-mysql: README.md

This library provides the functionality required to access and manipulate data stored in a MySQL database.

### Prerequisite

> It is required to import the MySQL driver dependency in order to connect to a MySQL database. The `ballerinax/mysql.driver`

Reviewer: Add the MySQL driver as a dependency to the ballerina project.

>> Note: `ballerinax/mysql` supports MySQL drivers above 8.0.13.

This can be easily achieved by importing `ballerinax/mysql.driver` module,
 ```ballerina
 import ballerinax/mysql.driver as _;
 ```

`ballerinax/mysql.driver` package bundles the latest MySQL driver JAR.

>> Tip: Graalvm native build is supported when `ballerinax/mysql` is used along with `ballerinax/mysql.driver`

In any case, if the MySQL driver of a specific version needs to be imported, you can add it as a dependency in Ballerina.toml.

```
// Give both methods this can be achieved. Or it is better if we can point to the common doc to import java libs to ballerina
```

Author: Fixed in [a9ff096](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-mysql/pull/726/commits/a9ff0969f27883d6d959dead62ab704c7e893fa3)

> package bundles the latest MySQL driver so that the mysql connector can be used in Ballerina projects easily.

Reviewer: Complete rewrite given in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-mysql/pull/726/files#r1036139480

```ballerina
import ballerinax/mysql.driver as _;
```

> If it is required to use a specific MySQL driver JAR, it can be added as a native library dependency in your Ballerina 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mysql.driver` package consists of latest MySQL driver. If you want to use a specific version of the driver, you can add it as a dependency in Ballerina.toml.
```

Reviewer: Complete rewrite given in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-mysql/pull/726/files#r1036139480

> project's `Ballerina.toml` file. It is recommended to use a MySQL driver version greater than 8.0.13 as this library 

Reviewer: Shall we add this as a tip?

mysql connector only supports driver versions greater than 8.0.13.

Reviewer: Complete rewrite given in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-mysql/pull/726/files#r1036139480
